i find alinea a tough restaurant to review. my experience there was a mixture of revelation and disappointment, but i am giving it a reluctant five stars because overall it was a very memorable experience. alinea is a bucket list restaurant. a trip down alice's rabbit hole. it is expensive very expensive and difficult to get a reservation. upon being seated we were served an amuse bouche, in the form of a little clay pot filled with frozen snow of some kind, fish roe, and some edible flowers and herbs. was it delicious? not really, but it was interesting. i will not go over every course in detail. some were very delicious, some were slightly disappointing. there were some theatrical surprises that were definitely brilliant, like when liquid nitrogen is poured over the centrepiece of oranges and you are completely engulfed in a fog of citrusy smoke while eating some orangeshaped bites on a glowing plate, filled with an intense cloveflavoured liqueur. it is an almost overwhelmingly intense sensory experience that is beyond simple categories like delicious. i am not sure if it was delicious. it was intense, nostalgic and... what is the right word? beautiful. some of the dishes presented flavours i had never experienced before. i could almost feel my brain creating new neural pathways as it tried to grapple with them. i even had vivid flavour flashbacks the next day something i have never experienced before the memory of redolent juniper smoke, the rich umami of bouillabaisse with it is reconstituted langoustine noodle. if i could do it all over again i would have skipped the wine pairings and gone for more courses. the wine was good, but was actually overkill for the small courses a full glass with every course. i sometimes felt rushed to finish the wine before the next course arrived and felt a bit tipsy by the end of the meal. then of course there is the edible helium balloon . it is hard to give a meal that ends with an edible balloon less than five stars, even though there were some bumps and disappointments along the way.