i've been to the met twice - once for happy hour and once for dinner. it was very, very good. between the two times i've been there i've tried the bacon-wrapped tenderloin skewers, dungeness & alaskan king crab cakes, prime teriyaki tenderloin bites, blackened prime rib , and filet mignon. both the bacon-wrapped tenderloin skewers and prime teriyaki tenderloin bites were incredibly good, very tender, and packed full of flavor. the bacon was crispy and fatty and added really nice flavor to the steak. it was borderline too much of a good thing, but i'm not complaining. the teriyaki sauce on medallions had a nice sweet and saltiness - teriyakisteak is one of my favorite meat combos and this is up there with the best of that pairing i've had. the crab cakes are really good. you get a lot of grab and a nice mix of large chunks of crab and thinner pieces. there is good moisture on the inside and a nice crispiness on the outside. it is really good by itself, with a little lemon or the slaw and sweet sauce. definitely check out if you like crab cakes. the filet mignon was unnecessarily tender - in a great way - i feel like you could cut through it with a butter knife. it was a perfect medium rare, had a good charcrust - great seasoning. it was probably the best filet that i've tried. really good. the blackened prime rib - not my favorite. the meat was very tender, it was cooked perfectly, but i found the seasoning to be just too overpowering. the salt content on the rub was a little too much for what i like - and i usually season my steaks very well. the meat was melt-in-your-mouth tender, bu tender but the crust kept me from loving it. good flavor, just too much of it and a little too heavy-handed with the salt. i probably would not order this specific style of prime rib again. beyond the food - the service was great. the servers are really friendly. the bar staff has some pretty good stories. what is really cool about the met is it is history. while daniel's has a great view of south lake union which i love, when you walk into the met you immediately feel like you have teleported to an old-school steakhouse because you have and you see the rich history on the walls with all the celebrities who have eaten there. daniel's has something similar, but it is not nearly as expansive as the met. food aside, it is awesome experience to eat there because of the history alone. if you have the money, want to spend it and want steak - go here. i feel like it is at the top of the pyramid for just-try steakhouses in seattle. it is the perfect combination of great food and rich history.